fresh fruit for sale hang by the side of the street .
a metal statue of a man riding a horse .
a young man is on his surf board on the waves .
a beige wall has a light switch on it .
a hand is holding a remote without a cover
a kitchen with an oven , microwave and fridge
a black and white bird is walking on the sand .
a man leaning on a fire hydrant on a city corner
a sink and a toilet that are in a bathroom .
two giraffes grazing from a feeder next to rock wall .
the little girl is playing with her soccer ball .
some people walking across a crosswalk with a car parked by it
this is a massive commercial airplane from delta airlines .
a front view of an outdoor setting with chairs .
a girl petting a black and white cat .
a kitchen with an island and wood accents .
two people standing on a street with a street sign
a double decker red bus going down a street .
i hope that he does n't get hit by a car while talking on his phone and walking across the street .
a woman in white shorts is next to a man in jeans and they both have game remotes .
an airplane flies high over boats that are docked in a harbor .
two elephants standing next to a block wall .
a male in a green shirt and two cats are laying on a bed
a bathroom with a strange round shaped toilet .
a flower is put into strange pots next to a plate .
there are two cats with their heads in the bathroom sink .
a zebra poking its nose threw a fence .
the black and brown dog is looking out of the window .
bunch of tables and decorations in a bath room
a computer keyboard sitting under a computer monitor .
one zebra is laying down while another stands alongside in a grassy area .
a brown bowl sitting on top of a wooden table .
a batter about to hit a ball at a baseball game
a man with an orange tie talking on a microphone
small bathroom with a toilet , sink , shower , and mirror .
two urinals are shown with one placed taller than the other .
a black fire hydrant is in the grass
a red clock stands tall outside by a building .
a man covered with a blanket is lying on a bed .
a person standing in front of some bananas .
a man riding on a surfboard next to a bunch of people
a pair of baby sheep are standing next to an adult sheep .
a silver remote lying in a bed with purple sheets .
a freight train moving along the tracks in a train yard .
car covered in snow parked at a curb next to a meter .
a woman sitting on a bed with a laptop .
a black and white picture of a hitter awaiting a pitch while a teammate stands in the on deck circle .
a dog is sleeping on his blanket on the floor .
two brown bears in rocky area next to greenery .
a black motorcycle parked next to other motorcycles .
plates positioned around a table with various foods in the middle .
a vase full of purple flowers on a wooden table .
a street scene with a train going by with a blur .
three girls sitting at a table in a glass room , under a blue umbrella .
a person that is snow skiing down a hill .
a green army medical truck sitting on display in a museum .
a laptop and notebook on top of a brown wooden desk
a man standing near a bed with a red and green canopy .
a man sitting on top of a green bench .
a person using a computer keyboard on top of a desk .
a close up of a sheep standing next to another sheep .
cows crossing a paved road in the fog
an orange standing on the window ledge looking out the window
three zebra standing next to each other on a grass covered field .